README.md, before:

# Hair Salon No-show Analysis
#### Author: G. Conway 

***

## Project Description

This project explores insights about no-show appointments at a hair salon.

## Other Project Goals

* Use R/RStudio & MySQL, separately and as integrated tools, to perform analysis.
* Set up a database schema as a simulated business requirement, which includes:
    + Raw data exploration
    + Database table design and relationship identification
    + Raw data extraction and upload into MySQL
* Use flexdashboards in RStudio/RMarkdown as a workflow framework.
* Develop dashboard page(s) 
* Practice other modeling techniques

***

## Important Notes

***

## References

1. *Using flexdashboard*, https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/flexdashboard/using.html.

2. *Create Awesome HTML Table with knitr::kable and kableExtra*, by Hao Zhu, https://haozhu233.github.io/kableExtra/awesome_table_in_html.html#getting_started.

3. *Deploying flexdashboard on GitHub Pages*, by Rami Krispin, dated Sep 4, 2020 at https://ramikrispin.github.io/2020/09/deploying-flexdashboard-on-github-pages/. Provided concise steps to follow to enable repository to host an .html file on GitHub Pages.

4. *RMarkdown directing output file into a directory*, NicE's answer, dated Mar 9, 2015 at https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28894515/rmarkdown-directing-output-file-into-a-directory. Provided necessary code used to knit document/file to a different directory.

5. Book - *R for Data Science* by Hadley Wickham & Garrett Grolemund

***

## About this repository

### Files included

### Files NOT included



***

## Software Utilized

* Mac OSx Catalina version 10.15.7
* R (for Mac) version 4.0.2 (2020-06-22) "Taking Off Again"
* RStudio version 1.3.1073
* MySQL Community Server version 8.0.19
* MySQL Workbench version 8.0.19

## R Packages Utilized

Commit message:

updated references and files not included sections

README.md, after:

# Hair Salon No-show Analysis
#### Author: G. Conway 

***

## Project Description

This project explores insights about no-show appointments at a hair salon.

## Other Project Goals

* Use R/RStudio & MySQL, separately and as integrated tools, to perform analysis.
* Set up a database schema as a simulated business requirement, which includes:
    + Raw data exploration
    + Database table design and relationship identification
    + Raw data extraction and upload into MySQL
* Use flexdashboards in RStudio/RMarkdown as a workflow framework.
* Develop dashboard page(s) 
* Practice other modeling techniques

***

## Important Notes

***

## References

1. Hair Salon No-Show Dataset from Kaggle at https://www.kaggle.com/frederickferguson/hair-salon-no-show-data-set)

2. *Using flexdashboard*, https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/flexdashboard/using.html.

3. *Create Awesome HTML Table with knitr::kable and kableExtra*, by Hao Zhu, https://haozhu233.github.io/kableExtra/awesome_table_in_html.html#getting_started.

4. *Deploying flexdashboard on GitHub Pages*, by Rami Krispin, dated Sep 4, 2020 at https://ramikrispin.github.io/2020/09/deploying-flexdashboard-on-github-pages/. Provided concise steps to follow to enable repository to host an .html file on GitHub Pages.

5. *RMarkdown directing output file into a directory*, NicE's answer, dated Mar 9, 2015 at https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28894515/rmarkdown-directing-output-file-into-a-directory. Provided necessary code used to knit document/file to a different directory.

6. Book - *R for Data Science* by Hadley Wickham & Garrett Grolemund

***

## About this repository

### Files included

### Files NOT included

* Data files
    + Data files may be downloaded from the Kaggle.com website (see link under Reference 1 above).

***

## Software Utilized

* Mac OSx Catalina version 10.15.7
* R (for Mac) version 4.0.2 (2020-06-22) "Taking Off Again"
* RStudio version 1.3.1073
* MySQL Community Server version 8.0.19
* MySQL Workbench version 8.0.19

## R Packages Utilized
